# 16th of Jan 2025 (1.56)

- **ADDED** New UI for Service Type(Request Type) and Service Group(Request Type Group)
- **IMPROVED** Additional list filter, facet has been introduced for service types.
- **IMPROVED** Side navigation and tab navigation has been improved on mobile device.
- **IMPROVED** Browser tab title will change based on the page you are currently viewing.
- **IMPROVED** Delete service type is only soft delete, it can be restored.
- **IMPROVED** Default Service Group can be modified under portal configuration page.

###### 30th of Jan (1.56.2)
- **IMPROVED** Added limit indicator for service type's access filter.
- **IMPROVED** Service type's category facet will ignore category filter, user is able to select multiple categories now.
- **FIXED** Service type's category facet not always match with latest filter change, this has been fixed by use different approach to get latest filter.

###### 20th of Feb (1.56.3)
- **ADDED** Added a UI option to set or unset the default activity member for ConnectWise integration. This ensures the client portal's "flag ticket" feature functions correctly when the contact's company does not have an assigned account manager.  

### Highlights

Request Type and Request Type Group has been renamed as Service Type, Service Group. The internal logic of the Service Type has been re-implemented, the improvements are listed below.

- Silver Standard, Gold Standard and Platinum Standard can create unlimited number of service types.
- The legacy filter system has been achieved by index instead of in memory process.
- Service Type category facet now available on service types page.
- Detailed audit logs has been introduced for both service types and service groups.
- Service Type publish/enable toggle has been moved to access setting page (legacy filter system)

The legacy filter system of service type has been marked as deprecated on 1st of Jan 2025.
