# 30th of Sep 2025 (2.27)

{.release-note-list}
- **ADDED** Introduced a refactored ticket page with enhanced capabilities to modify multiple ticket properties and basic support for adding comments and time entries.
- **ADDED** New UI to relocate a contact to another account, including transferring tickets associated with the contact.
- **ADDED** Enabled ticket navigation via deep links.
- **FIXED** Resolved an issue where the modify tag definition UI encountered HTTP request errors when tags ended with unexpected file extension formats (e.g., `.resources`) due to IIS filtering.
- **IMPROVED** The new ticket page now saves comment drafts that persist through browser refreshes.
- **IMPROVED** The new ticket composer design allows users to define deducted time when logging time.
- **IMPROVED** Internal comments now have enhanced color coding, making it more obvious when adding an internal comment.
- **IMPROVED** Contact group selection in the ticket composer now intelligently displays the ticket owner's associated contact group first, with optional account-wide group search.
- **IMPROVED** Ticket status selection in the new ticket UI displays only queue-associated statuses by default, with the option to search all statuses.
- **IMPROVED** When landing on a ticket, the UI now more reliably scrolls to the first unread comment.
- **IMPROVED** The experience for modifying assigned agents in tickets has been enhanced, allowing selection or removal of multiple agents at once.
- **IMPROVED** The ticket off-canvas now supports adding comments and logging time.
- **IMPROVED** The ticket composer now intelligently determines whether to enable log time by default in the new ticket UI.
- **IMPROVED** Ticket UI now supports tooltips displaying detailed information for contacts, agents, accounts, and contact groups. Actionable information such as links and emails can now be clicked directly from tooltips.
- **IMPROVED** The new date time picker in the ticket UI now accurately maps displayed values, resolving discrepancies with background values present in the legacy AngularJS ticket UI.
- **IMPROVED** Date age calculation has been improved by switching from real-time calculation to calendar day calculation.
